This beast
You took advantage of his 1,000 years to return quickly
Jiang Ziya, why are you here?
Although I didn't report to Heaven
But I'm also a witness in heaven
Is there any problem with the Dingfeng Rope God coming out of the mountain?
Daring to escape
Not yet.
Yeah.
Then I'll see you in heaven
I'll take him back first
Luo Crab Shangxian
Let's go
A Liang
How did that happen?
It's nothing. In fact, the imperial teacher is a parabola
Before the seal?
unwilling
A wisp of primordial spirit ran to the Rakshasa Demon
Want to oppose
The rules of the world left by the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors
I don't seem to understand.
Oh, it's okay, don't think so much.
Oh, what are you talking about?
Xiaoyu practices better than you
What's up?
If you weren't afraid that I would die and you would be alone
Who wants to practice this broken spell?
And I have to manage the Rakshasa Kingdom, okay?
Ok ok ok
Are you the most tired?
Thanks to my wife
Rakshasa Kingdom has also reformed
From now on everyone is equal
It's good that you know.
Little brother Sophie Xiaoyu
It's time to eat